v5.5.2 (#31925)
mui/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

# [Versions](https://mui.com/versions/)

## 5.5.2

<!-- generated comparing v5.5.1..master -->

_Mar 21, 2022_

A big thanks to the 7 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 🛠 Dragging on disabled sliders is fixed by @mnajdova (#31882)

Reviewer: This was an issue only for the base (unstyled) slider, I don't think we should highlight it, as it is not affecting lot of the audience.

> A big thanks to the 7 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:
> 
> - 🛠 Dragging on disabled sliders is fixed by @mnajdova (#31882)
> - Several 🐛 bug fixes and 📚 documentation improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A big thanks to the 7 contributors who made this release possible. This is a small release focused on some 🐛 bug fixes and 📚 documentation improvements
```

Author: Sure. Done!

### `@mui/material@5.5.2`

> - &#8203;<!-- 15 -->[data-grid] Fix print export feature (#31807) @oliviertassinari

Reviewer: This should be under Docs.

- &#8203;<!-- 04 -->[Popper] Expose the `sx` prop (#31833) @ivan-ngchakming

### `@mui/joy@5.0.0-alpha.20`

> - &#8203;<!-- 07 -->[Joy] Add tests for Avatar component (#31829) @hbjORbj

Reviewer: Should be under Core.
